Oh, well,
back to the library studio here at the
Yahowah Vlog.
I'm your host, Craig Winn.
We're going to continue our presentation
of the last word picture,
the final word picture.
It is really a...
departure from the thirty first proverb
that we are pursuing.
It was when we learned that our king,
God,
who happens to be the son of God,
according to God,
happens to be the chosen one.
Well, according to God,
who is the Messiah, who he has anointed,
according to God,
who is the king who is returning here
in just seven years from now,
according to
and our savior,
because he is the one who enabled the
benefits of the covenant, again,
according to God,
that he went through a rough patch where
he made some bad decisions and he and
Yahowah were not speaking and they hadn't
been speaking for a while.
And so God did what he has done
so many times in the past.
He provided an intervention and the
intervention was through,
the two people he has used the most
often to resolve conflicts,
smooth things out,
get the relationship back the way it
should be and protect those he loves while
keeping his plans apace.
And so we found that there was a
a woman who is known elsewhere as the
‘Amah, Yahowah's ‘Amah, productive mother,
who is called in that Mizmowr the Ashar.
Ashar would be the blessed and beneficial
one.
She and her husband,
who is discussed prolifically throughout
the Torah and Prophets, came to Dowd.
And she talked to him about sobering up,
seeing women for a lot more than their
sensuality and focusing on their character
and their intelligence.
And spoke to him about who he is,
that he was not any ordinary son, but...
A very special,
the most special man in the universe.
She spoke to him as a mother.
He called her a mother, his mother.
And we recognize that ultimately the thing
that got Dowd and Yahowah back together
again,
so that Dowd was willing to
fulfill his life responsibility,
which is to serve as the Passover lamb
and then have his soul take our guilt
into Sheowl on Matzah so that he,
as the Bakowr, firstborn of Yahowah,
will enable firstborn children,
that when we
recognized that he did that the only
reason he did that is that we
re-established his relationship with iowa
at this time and the principal catalyst
for accomplishing that was this the
Eighty-ninth Mizmowr,
which was co-authored by a gentleman named
Ethan Ha-Ezraki,
whose name tells us that he has been
deployed many,
many times over the past in support of
God's Son.
So we've reached a place in this psalm
where I have told you that we have
made the transition from
Ethan being the narrative to God speaking
directly to us about his son.
Heretofore,
through the first almost twenty verses,
only two had been in God's voice.
And I'm going to reprise those for you
so that we put everything God has to
say about Dowd all together.
But prior to those and excluding those,
it's all been about Ethan.
telling us that he knows Yahowah very well
and that he knows Yahowah to be
trustworthy, verifiable, reliable,
dependable, devoted, loving, kind, loyal,
affectionate, and that he plays favorites.
and that he also engages throughout time
to accomplish very important things.
And one of the things that he was
very clear in saying is that he,
Ethan Ha-Israqi,
will perform as the empowered Zarowa,
the strong arm of God cultivating the
harvest such that he,
not only provides a agitating influence
against the religiosity and politics of
our day,
because it's all geared towards the last
days, but also that he takes down Rahab.
And we have determined in reading the
three other prophecies regarding Rahab,
that Rahab is Satan incarnate,
is in today's world,
none other than Donald Trump.
And so all of that said,
as we went through this last statement,
we had Yahowah affirming that he has used
Ethan and what he represents under
different names at different times, many,
many times in the past.
And it enables God to stay in heaven,
resolve situations through someone that he
can deploy.
and that he trusts.
And we have been through this many,
many times in the past,
and we've always delivered the results
that God intended.
And the way I look at that is
that now that we have God's testimony,
that before he now returns to speak of
his son,
that he's acknowledging that I have been
there for him.
And that so has Leo and that he
chose us to do this because he trusts
us and he continues to deploy us and
we continue to deliver on behalf of Dowd,
on behalf of the covenant,
on behalf of Yahowah,
on behalf of his people and the world.
And what that should say to all of
us.
is that we should enjoy this process.
We're put in an amazing position.
God cares about us.
feels very comfortable working with us,
enjoys the process,
knows that we're going to be successful,
trusts us to be successful.
And so let's enjoy what we're
accomplishing together.
Everything about the Yahowah vlog,
the website as it's developing,
our growth in social media where it
matters on places like YouTube.
The fact that we're going to have a
community now on the website,
just spoke with Joe moments ago and
looking forward to developing it with him.
And the fact that we have so many
wonderful branding opportunities that
Music that is being written by Leah and
the accompanying graphics by the team.
So marvelous.
The invitations,
those little animations that you all have
done are so spectacular.
And the whole Do You Yada series,
it is truly marvelous what you have
produced.
And so I thank you for that.
And we'll continue to share it and build
on it.
And, you know, we're in a period now,
um,
where our goal is no longer to solicit
individuals to consider the conditions of
the covenant and attendance during the
Mow'ed Mechre so that they can be part
of the upcoming Shabuwah harvest,
but just not enough time for them to
learn what they need to know.
Um, and.
come to understand it,
act accordingly and respond to Yahowah and
then show Yahowah that they are
trustworthy.
They are someone that he can depend on
acting appropriately throughout the
thousand years of the millennial Shabbat
and thereafter.
So our intent now is really to focus
on Yahowah
the family that God has brought to us,
on the team that is working together,
making certain that we understand what our
role has been and continues to be,
and that we just are as prepared to
follow through and carry it out as we
can possibly be.
So, as I said,
before we dive back into what now is
the longest iteration of God's overt
praise for his beloved son,
our Messiah and King and Savior,
it's essential to remember that it is laid
upon the foundation that was offered in
the first installment.
That would be eighty nine, three and four.
So if you recall,
also speaking of his chosen one, God said,
I will establish.
cutting through separation,
the bereft covenant for the family through
my makar, my makar chosen one,
whom I have sworn an oath,
and I will affirm this promise seven times
over to Dowd,
my authorized agent and coworker who
serves with me.
Furthermore,
as an eternal witness to the restoring
testimony,
beginning long ago and continuing into
forevermore,
I will prepare and establish your
offspring and that which you sow.
In addition,
I have constructed for your throne and
seat of honor on behalf of every
generation and dwelling place,
every family lineage and throughout time.
Please pause.
and contemplate the implications of this.
Eighty-nine, three, and four.
Just run through this again.
I know we went through it,
but it was quite some time ago.
It's just such a powerful statement.
It's one that completely obliterates any
perceived credibility of Christianity,
Judaism, Islam.
They are torn asunder with this statement
because
It's all about Dowd.
You see, Yahowah uses the term that he,
karat,
to say that he cut through separation,
that he established the covenant all the
way through the process.
And now what he's telling us is that
this covenant was cut.
It was established with Dowd.
Since the narrative was between Abraham
and Sarah, and then Yitschaq and Jacob,
and then their sons,
for God to say this about Dowd and
name Dowd,
it means that Dowd did the most important
thing relative to the covenant being
established.
And if you're paying attention, you know,
at least we have come to know and
share
that what Dowd did is that he fulfilled
Pesach, Matzah, and Bikuwrym.
And they are essential to the covenant
because they open the door to life.
They remove our guilt.
They enrich and empower those who are
adopted into this family.
And when Yahowah spoke about the benefits
of the covenant to Abraham,
Those were the five benefits.
They are delivered by the first three Mow'ed
Miqrah, which is called Chag Matzah.
And so what this is saying,
when he says,
I will establish cutting through
separation,
the Beryth covenant for the family through
my Bashir, chosen one,
and that I have sworn an oath and
I will affirm this promise seven times
over, of which there are seven Mow'ed Miqrah,
to Dowd, my authorized agent, my coworker,
Forevermore,
as an eternal witness to the restoring
testimony beginning long ago and
continuing into forevermore,
I will prepare and establish your
offspring and that which you sow.
In addition,
I have constructed for your throne and
seat of honor on behalf of every
generation dwelling place in family
lineage and time.
Pause now and contemplate this.
It is God saying,
I established the covenant with Dowd,
which means Dowd fulfilled.
I have chosen to work with Dowd.
He has been his primary coworker to
accomplish these things.
He has sworn an oath seven times over
to Dowd.
It means he's the promised one.
Further,
he's saying that Dowd is an eternal
witness.
to the restoring testimony,
and that Dowd's seat of honor,
which happens to be the mercy seat of
the Ark of the Covenant,
is being prepared and established for his
offspring.
God is now recognizing that this Mizmowr
that is co-authored with Ethan Ha-ezraki
is going to be delivered verbatim to Dowd,
and this will be Yahowah speaking to his
son
through this prophet and this song.
And he is saying that not only did
Dowd save us by establishing the covenant,
not only did Yahowah work with him,
not only is Dowd his chosen one,
not only is Dowd the one through whom
the covenant's benefits were enabled,
but that Dowd has been an eternal witness
to the restoring testimony of God from
long ago.
and continuing into forevermore.
Well,
this is from antiquity into the future.
And it reinforces once again that this
wasn't Dowd's first experience with
Yahowah.
He's not talking about long ago as in,
forty-eight years ago when he was eight
years old.
He's talking about long ago as in
thousands of years ago.
Three thousand to be exact.
When Dowd was the man who was the
first conceived in God's image within the
psalm and placed in the garden.
And that he is the one who is
returning because God's establishing his
offspring,
which is the offspring of the covenant and
that which you sow, Zerah.
And as a result, his throne,
his seat of honor,
his position with God is going to
prevail throughout every generation.
He will never be replaced.
He is sovereign forevermore.
So with that introduction in mind,
God's continuing narrative regarding his
chosen one,
I think it becomes all the more vital
for us to understand, accept, convey,
and act upon.
Without Dowd, there is no covenant.
The promise from God that we can be
part of his family was delivered by Dowd.
When, in collaboration with his father,
he fulfilled Pesach, Matzah, and Bikuwrym.
Year four thousand, yeah.
A thousand years from the writing of this
mizmorch.
Yahowah testified to this long ago and he
has continued to remind us that we should
choose to work alongside Dowd and that he
did as well.
And that it's through Dowd that the Beryth
family was born.
Together they sowed the seeds
And that those are the seeds that we
will harvest on Shabuwah.
Shabuwah is a Bikuwrym harvest.
And as a result,
Dowd will return as king of everywhere and
forevermore.
His seat of honor,
which will be the Ark of the Covenant,
is his throne.
So following that marvelous introduction,
Ethan Hodge Rocky was sufficiently wise to
step aside, offer the floor to Yahowah.
He had introduced these events,
shown why he was chosen to co-author this
particular Psalm at this time,
and then let Yahowah speak to his son
and to us.
He marked the moment in time,
then presented god's testimony as more
than just words as tangible expressions of
his will manifest through the eyes of his
people and for all to see and what
Yahowah was revealing is that his message
to his son was being delivered by ethan
and his wife the amma and they are
the reason
That makaram, chosen ones, was plural.
Tested and tried, proven, reliable ones,
was plural.
The remarkable message was delivered in
the peel stem,
which means that the subject, who is God,
is causing the object, who is Ethan,
to experience the effect of shawah,
Shabba is a magnificent term.
I'm hoping that there will be a song
not too far in our future that is
inspired by it.
I'll send Leah another draft of this book.
And as a result,
Yahowah should facilitate the result he
wanted.
He could do so while remaining in Shamaym,
which was important to him because he had
made the commitment to do so.
God could affect the discordant situation
with his son here on earth through to
Bikuwrym,
doing so through souls of his choosing,
souls that he had deployed previously with
favorable results.
So we read about the ‘Amah's intervention
in the thirty first Michelle.
The eighty ninth Mizmowr is then the
brief.
That Yahowah inspired for Ethan to deliver
immediately thereafter.
It was the thirty first and the eighty
ninth.
They were the one to punch.
That is a hundred and twenty, isn't it?
Hundred and twenty.
That number mean anything to you?
Chances are no one's going to pick this
one up.
So I was looking at and Rich is
the king of the cables.
I think I could ask everyone in the
in the covenant family and not a single
person would know the answer to why one
hundred and twenty matters.
The.
Forty.
Is the number of your bells and two
thousand years, is it not?
Yep.
So we had Adam, who was doubt.
taken out of the garden in year zero.
And then Abraham and Yitschaq confirmed the
covenant relationship with Yahowah as a
dress rehearsal for what Dowd would do in.
Nineteen sixty eight B.C.E.,
which was year two thousand.
Yeah, right.
Forty Yowbel.
And so that was the fortieth Yowbel year.
OK.
Forty Yowbel thereafter is when Dowd
fulfilled Pesach, Matzah,
and Bikuwrym in the same place that Abraham
and Yitschaq had heard God said that he
would provide the lamb in contact with his
beloved son.
That would be the eightieth Yowbel year,
would it not?
Forty plus forty is eighty.
So if thirty-three CE,
year four thousand YAH,
is the eightieth Yowbel year,
What Yowbel year is it in twenty thirty
three when Yada offers the sacrifice that
purges the remnant of Yisrael so that
they're prepared for Dowd's return on Yom
Kippur?
That's twenty thirty three.
What Yowbel year would that be?
Six thousand.
Yeah, that's that's the year.
Yeah, the Yowbel.
The hundred and twentieth,
the hundred and twentieth Yowbel.
And so thirty one and eighty nine.
That's what we get.
One hundred and twenty.
So the brief was properly numbered to
deliver to doubt.
So for there to be Shavuot.
God's chosen implement must be Bachar,
previously chosen and tested.
Because he and she are Shawa,
afford a degree of equality that is
befitting the circumstance.
That is to say, Ethan and his wife,
the ‘Amah, would be exceptional souls.
Far more like Yahowah than others.
You might say, oh, come on,
I know them.
They're not.
But others would say, yeah, I know them.
They are.
You know,
you want to ask me my choice on
about anything and my attitude towards it.
And my attitude is Yahowah's attitude.
If he wants to speak critically of people,
I'm going to speak critically of them.
If he wants to commend them,
I'm going to commend them.
If he wants to, whatever his choice is,
the way he wants to run this show,
I'm here to run the show his way.
I am...
I'm all in with Yahowah, love his name,
love working with him.
I feel honored to have the opportunity.
And the fact is that this Shawa concept
says that my wife and I are doing
rep doing something that Yahowah has asked
we're responsive and we're doing it in a
manner that is consistent with what he
would do you know the way i approach
these programs very relaxed with you we
turn on the lights we we just share
right from you know the uh shoulder to
shoulder eye to eye um you know you
can see uh here i am that's the
way yeah we do it
Um, when I say, you know, I,
I think there's a better way of looking
at this.
I'm going to share something that I
learned today.
I'm not going to keep secrets with you.
I want you to,
to know what I know.
That's the way.
Yeah, we would do it when we, um,
wrote twenty-five thousand pages worth of
books and, uh,
gave everything that we had learned, uh,
in writing for, uh,
all to read and offered it freely and
then started speaking to you.
Well,
That's the way Yahowah would do it.
When we intervened on behalf of his
beloved son,
we acted like the father and mother he
had not known in previous occasions.
It's the way Yahowah would do it.
You know,
I'm gonna share things with you going
forward that will reveal the other times
that Yahowah has deployed
my wife and I, and, uh,
I made the decision and, um,
God certainly concurred or God may have
made the decision.
And, uh, and then I concurred,
but the fact is we're a team.
We, every deployment,
we have been together and every deployment
has delivered the results that God wants.
And, you know,
I'm going to share things with you.
Like for example, in, uh,
His fulfillment of Pesach, Mosem,
and Kodom in thirty-three CE,
I previously said that there's no reason
for God to have allowed his son to
have to endure the abuse of Rome and
his city, the city of Dowd,
for any amount of time that was beyond
what was absolutely necessary.
It's hard to determine what's necessary,
you know, fifteen minutes a year,
three years, four years.
I was wrong.
I was just wrong.
And I didn't know I was wrong until
like the twentieth time of translating the
twenty-second Mizmowr.
Well, it was before that.
I was sharing with you something from the
twelfth Mizmowr of Dowd.
And what it said,
it prompted a vision in my mind that
said, you were there.
When he was crucified,
you were right there with him.
When he went into hell,
You were with him the whole time because
you love him like a father loves a
son.
And you couldn't imagine after you
delivered this Mizmowr that you could send
Jodah in to fulfill this,
knowing what was going to happen alone.
You weren't going to send a man whose
life disintegrated and became rebellious
and embittered towards God
largely because he never he in this life
and the life where he was the shepherd
boy down in bethlehem and then rose to
king and became so disgruntled that's
largely because he did not know the love
of a mother and father the support of
a mother and father the guidance of a
mother and father uh his mother he barely
knew and he hated uh and that life
and his father was a jerk
And so as a result,
he didn't have the proper appreciation of
women.
And he didn't get along with very many
men.
And he rebelled against Yahowah.
And so Ethan, by a different name,
wasn't going to allow that to happen.
Not when he was being set up to
fulfill Pesach, Matzah, and Bikuwrym.
Nor was his Amah.
who loves him.
And so we were deployed at our request,
or God's, does it really matter?
Our whole mindset is to do what Shawa
suggests,
which is to reflect God's presence when
things need to be resolved.
But we would have entered the scene
probably
Stephen Russell- Eighteen to twenty years
prior to.
Stephen Russell- One bce and that it was
in one bce.
Stephen Russell- That the Alma whom you
now know as Leo.
Stephen Russell- gave birth to doubt.
Stephen Russell- Under the name Emmanuel.
Isaiah makes it abundantly clear,
and I will share the proof with you.
But so does Dowd.
Dowd,
in the midst of the twenty-second Mizmowr,
just tells us,
I was born the old-fashioned way.
My mother and father conceived me,
and I was born...
When the water broke and I came out
of her womb and then I was nurtured
on her breasts.
He's making it clear that he was born
with a loving mother.
And then he speaks of the one who
was with him all the way and uses
a term that refers to the most prominent
of trees.
somebody that he could lean against and
protect him, that he could trust,
being there with him all the way.
And so it became obvious that we were
actually his mother and father some
thirty-three years before he fulfilled
Pesach, Matzah,
Bikuwrym in thirty-three CE,
and we're at his side all the way.
And what I will share with you as
we go forward is that we have other
sons and they served as his brothers and
they supported him as well.
And those sons were co-opted and twisted
to become the myth of the disciples.
And there's really only three that matter
because they are the role that you cannot
explain away without understanding.
having a source from them.
And I've been asked so many times,
you know, what's the story with them?
You know,
we know there was a Shimon that was
called Peter.
We know that there was a Ya'uqanon.
We know that there was a Ya'qub who
was corrupted to James.
Who were they?
They were our sons.
They were his brothers.
They're the ones who supported him.
They are also
the Emonites.
So we're in this very deep.
This is not a passing fascination.
I'm not simply a person who developed a
love affair for the Torah and decided that
I would translate and share what I learned
with you.
Yeah,
I thought that's when I began that God
had asked me to do so and I
was going to do so to the best
of my ability and
Then it became obvious that anonymous
wasn't his thing.
Well,
it's one thing to be a name player.
Then it's another to know how many times
we have been deployed by God through this
process and what our real relationship is
with doubt.
We are his fathers.
We're his parents.
So when I speak about doubt,
I care deeply about him.
I'm very protective of him.
I love him.
So that's the story of Ethan and his
wife.
I cannot be certain of the name,
then it doesn't really matter,
that Leigh and I used when we were
inserted in
some years before one BCE but the one
that seems the most logical to me is
that she was Ruth and I was Bo'az
and that we named our son Emmanuel God
is with us us being plural the whole
family
God is with us.
So clearly that most impressive of all
souls is Dotes.
And this role that we are playing for
Yahowah makes us more like Him,
attitudinally, than others.
we reflect what Yahowah saw in Chanuk.
And I think I may have hinted at
this, but there's only one way.
And I don't know why no one has
bothered to figure this out or think it
through,
but now I'm contemplating everything.
I'm saying, okay,
how would God deal with this situation?
The recognition that it was Dowd's soul
that was the firstborn because he was in
Eden.
God still loved him when he escorted him
out of Eden.
He had to be escorted out of Eden
or there's no hope for him.
You know,
tough love sometimes is what's needed.
And we know from this life that the
Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr was written to resolve
that about two-thirds of the way through,
Dowd became very depressed.
He was self-medicating with alcohol,
with wine,
and got involved with way too many women,
and not for the right reasons.
And so...
As we look at that,
we know that Adam lived for nine hundred
and thirty years and that I know now
that Adam was stowed.
I think that six of those years were
in the garden because of the way the
math will work out as I'll share the
details with you later.
But two-thirds of that process, I think,
that Doug became very grieved.
You know,
it was such a different experience outside
of that garden.
He was now estranged from Yahowah as just
as things had happened in this life with
the shepherd boy turned king.
And, you know, at this point,
those who were Neshamah man,
who were thoughtful, who had a conscience,
were all around
the perimeter of the Garden of Eden,
you know, towards the Black Sea.
And so it was a fairly small community
of Nisalma humans.
And Enoch, Chanuk,
as his name is properly pronounced,
learned about Yahowah from Adam,
who was dubbed.
And with empathy,
he immediately bonded with him to support
him.
He earned God's respect, God's trust,
God's favor,
because he desired learning about him,
which he learned from Dowd as Adam,
and because he supported his son during a
difficult period.
And that is what impressed Yahowah.
And that is why he was brought back
at this time,
but also deployed at other times along the
way.
And I'll share those with you as we
go forward.
So the Bikuwrym chosen and tested ones have
manifest attitudes and attributes that are
similar to what God is trying to project.
They are exposing Yahowah's
characteristics.
Doing so,
so that he and she would be Shawa.
would be able to perform appropriately in
this and every other situation where
they're deployed.
When manifesting the full implications of
Shawa,
Yahowah's chosen implements are appointed
to smooth things out and to resolve
difficult situations.
Oh boy,
as was the case here with Dowd following
his fascination with Bathsheba.
Therefore,
every time this soul is deployed under the
auspices of this verb, they are shawa,
equipped in a manner that is appropriate
such that they provide what is needed,
which was a lot in the king's case.
But the ADI Mithrimor that was used as
that tool is so magnificent,
God shared it with us.
Leah's interaction with her son was so
warm, so motherly, so supportive.
It has been shared as well.
Now, I think it's ingenious.
This was the best possible solution for
Yahowah and for Dowd and for Yisrael and
for the covenant family.
God was already annoyed at his son,
such that he wasn't even speaking directly
to him and instead through intermediaries
like Nathan.
So the was an extension on that same
plan, but with a little more horsepower.
And in this way,
rather than God crawling back to Dowd to
reconcile the relationship,
a surrogate mother and father who would,
at other points along the way,
be an actual mother and father to Dowd,
to the soul that is known to us
as Dowd,
they would be dispatched such that Dowd
would come to his senses
we're not deployed, you know,
freakishly like an avatar.
No, we're, um,
we grew up in the situation.
No, in this case, um,
I was Obed Edom prior to being known
as Ethan Hodge Rocky by that title.
And Leia was with me the whole way.
And we would stay on post through at
least four years or so into Solomon's
reign up to the point that he would
lay the cornerstone of the Ark of the
Covenant home for certainly that
cornerstone of the temple,
the house for Yahowah's name, I should say.
likely we departed right around year three
thousand.
Yeah.
After all,
the first departure was right around year
one thousand.
Yeah.
And I would come back playing a
interesting character with the layout and
wouldn't depart until year two thousand.
Yeah.
To help supervise the whole affair with
Abraham and Ishaq to make certain that
they affirmed the covenant on Mount
Moriah.
Same exact year.
So this enables God to resolve things like
in this case, Dowd came to his senses.
And in return,
Yahowah was able to resolve the situation
without violating free will or being heavy
handed.
So Shawa reveals that God could remain in
place in Shamaym.
Because he put in place and arranged,
even granted a degree of equality,
fitting the circumstances to those who
could smooth things out and resolve these
conflicts.
He would achieve an acceptable resolution,
making things right again.
And you know,
The interactions between a man and a
woman,
serving as husband and wife and in the
role of mother and father,
that's a pretty irresistible package when
it's done right.
And that's how God deployed us every time.
My wife is keen on telling me,
so you've talked about that humans,
we humans are not naturally
monogamous because, you know,
it's not only the history of everybody
famous in history,
but also of the characters in Yahowah's
story and the Torah and prophets,
they weren't monogamous.
And it's the situation now where you
realize that
that well up until Gen Z and them
not having any clue how to communicate and
interact in real time with people that the
overwhelming preponderance of people given
the opportunity I have had more than one
lover and and so she points out she
says but every time you've been deployed
You have one wife, the same wife.
Although, you know,
she gets a little different look,
a little different situation,
a different name all the way through the
process.
But I have been
You know,
monogamous as it relates to my choice to
be deployed with a single woman throughout
the process.
I obviously fell in love and have remained
in love and like the mental stimulation
and, you know,
enjoy your company and recognize that we
are much better as a team than either
one of us would be independently.
And so this is what God has done.
So he would achieve an acceptable
resolution, making things right again.
Well,
likely he is entertained watching two of
his favorite people do their thing.
By deploying the appropriate individuals
to rectify this and other situations along
the way, most pertaining to Dowd,
Dowd's recalcitrance would be satisfactory
resolved.
Every obstruction would be removed and the
impediments to the relationship were cast
aside.
All the while,
because he had worked through them
previously,
God could anticipate a favorable and
satisfactory outcome.
You know,
if God has deployed you in difficult
situations over prolonged periods of
times, multiple times in the past, and,
you know, it worked out,
he's going to be more and more confident
each time.
So he could remain still and silent
because he bestowed his bakuram,
as a gift born out of his deep
devotion and their mutual interests and
desires.
As such,
Shawa reveals how the dilemma with Dowd
was resolved,
and it points to other engagements along
the way,
showing how God deploys favored souls when
they are needed to keep everyone and
everything moving in the right direction
towards the fulfillment of the Mowedym.
And in this case,
We were delivered for a specific purpose,
one defined by the phrase,
to support and serve the most valiant and
courageous of God's people,
his beloved son, Dowd.
We were here to encourage and assist the
most competent and capable of men,
at least when properly supported and
guided.
when he knew that he was loved and
respected.
And he became that man again following
this intervention.
We loved him right back into shape.
Now,
just as Chawah was conceived to Izar help
Adam
and Yahowah is committed to helping us,
we would always be enablers.
The man Yahowah has chosen to anoint,
fifty years earlier,
the one who slew Goliath, well,
he was still in there.
He was just hidden among the turmoil and
the travail.
And in his way with Yahowah,
In this way,
with Yahowah revealing who we are and why
we were there,
it's apparent that Dowd accepted our
message and he recovered sufficiently to
embrace his purpose and go back into
representing all that is decreed by the
glorious title, Gabor.
So this is one of many monikers attributed
to Dowd as well as to, well,
it's also to the Chodor, isn't it?
Gabor speaks of the mightiest of men,
not in terms of a warrior necessarily,
but they are typically fighters.
They're Chazaq.
They've got grit.
They've got a will to battle, to fight.
They're not going to give up.
They have the strength to prevail.
A Gabor defends God's people.
He is fearless.
He is valiant.
He is bold.
He is brave in battle.
You're not going to see them ever turn
tail and run, ever.
They show no fear.
And typically,
Gabor is used in reference to a leader
of men.
And in particular,
someone fighting on behalf of Yisrael and
Yahuwdym are most especially the most
Yisrael and Yahuwdym of men, don't they?
It is from Gabor,
which means to overcome and to succeed,
to be empowering and mighty,
proving one's valor and a virtuous cause.
But make no mistake,
a Gabor is always a man.
It is derived from Gerber,
which means a strong, upright,
and resourceful man.
I'm not saying that to be sexist man
versus woman.
I'm saying that you need to know that
when God refers to the...
messenger that came down to meet with
Nathan along with Michael,
that Michael and Gabriel were men.
They were not angels.
And that since it's sometimes presented,
even when speaking of Dowd as Gabriel,
it's just that it's
not a term that is going to be
used to designate him as a God.
He's a man, man loved by God,
but nonetheless, he's a man.
So for Twistian stealing what is said of
Dowd to prop up their mythical Jesus,
this is a significant problem because
they're one to claim that their guy was
a God,
but Gabor does not allow that distinction.
Also interesting in this regard,
Christians claim that Gabriel,
God's most courageous and capable man,
was an angel when visiting Daniel and then
the mythical Mary to announce the birth of
the mythical Jesus.
However,
Daniel expressly states that Gabriel was a
man, not a Moloch,
and that his name affirms this conclusion.
And as for Mary,
I see her status as equivalent to the
Easter Bunny.
and the Santa Claus because I know the
mother of the Messiah.
But what this means for the twisted
religious myth that are predicated on
identity theft is that the only messianic
prophecy was delivered by the actual
Messiah, God,
who was speaking for himself.
completely negating the myth of Mr.
Christ.
What's a surprise in this narrative is the
preposition with God saying al, over,
instead of la, for, or ba, with,
in relationship to dote.
My only thought in this regard is that
our role was that of parents,
even if the son was the son of
God and approaching sixty at the time,
and king.
Further,
while he was and will be sovereign,
at the moment because we were representing
Yahowah,
our authorization and clearance was of the
highest order.
It's also possible that God intends for us
to continue to engage in this capacity,
serving as loving and supporting parents
when the king,
someone that the king can consult with,
somebody that he can rely upon,
somebody he can go to quietly and consult
with, knowing that they can be trusted.
And this is especially true when he is
assigned the difficult job
of being sovereign of the universe.
Or, of course,
I could be reading too much into a
preposition and nothing this significant
was meant by it at all.
I don't think so.
These insights have been more than
sufficient to render this statement among
the most profound, but there was more.
After revealing that he was going to
deploy his makarim,
In service to his Gabor,
we are told that this would be the
result.
I will raise up and exalt,
showing my pride in Bakar,
the one I have examined,
the one I've tested and approved.
The man I have specifically chosen and
appointed after careful consideration,
the one I have decided to engage in
a special relationship with.
From and for the people and the family.
Of course,
this means that the issues which had
temporarily separated father and son were
now resolved and that Dowd is the Gabor
and the Bachar.
We prevailed.
Therefore,
Judaism was wrong to replace him and
Christianity was wrong to denigrate and
bury him,
also substituting their myth for him.
And God is proud of his son.
He examined and approved the man he chose
for this relationship.
Every word that follows through the thirty
seventh verse and even beyond.
Eighteen to twenty eight statements from
this point are delivered in Yahowah's
voice.
To disagree with his appraisal of Dowd
would be to call God a liar.
And of course,
that is what Jews and Christians have
done.
Yahowah found and obtained Dowd,
bringing him from the obscurity of a
shepherd, alone as a child in Bethlehem,
to become the man through whom he would
work to establish the covenant,
to enable his children to fulfill the
Mowedym,
Yahowah personally anointed Dowd,
making him the undisputed Messiah.
And as he did so,
God revealed the way to receive the
benefits of this relationship he was
forming with him.
Dowd is the very hand of God in
our world, at least according to God.
It is through Dowd that we find Yahowah's
hand reaching out to us.
As if writing his son's resume,
something I've done in the past,
Yahowah affirms that Dowd is the Zarowa,
the sacrificial lamb who fulfilled
Passover,
turning the king into our savior.
It is through their collaboration during
Chag Matzah
that we are empowered and emboldened,
receiving the covenant's benefits.
That's my summation of what follows.
This is God's version in his words.
He says, I detected,
I discovered and experienced,
I obtained and I received, Dowd.
It's Matsah.
I located, found, recognized, met with,
encountered, and learned about.
I acquired, revealed, and exposed.
And I led an exodus with, from ma,
to ponder the implications of, and yatsah,
to bring forth and withdraw.
Dowd.
Doesn't say Jesus.
Doesn't say the Lord.
Doesn't say Allah.
Doesn't say Muhammad.
Doesn't say Peter, Paul, Matthew, or Mark.
Says Dowd.
What do you think the chances are that
God,
the very God who authored the Torah and
inspired the prophets,
the very God who created this universe,
the very God who conceived life,
the very God who interacted with and
shared his relationship with Dowd,
doesn't know his son's name.
And that is what's required for Judaism
and Christianity to exist.
God can't know his beloved son's name.
I know God pretty well.
I think he's really smart.
I've got a great memory.
He's trustworthy.
He does not have Alzheimer's.
He knows his son's name.
So I detected, discovered, experienced,
obtained, and received Dowd, Ebed-Ani,
my coworker,
my authorized agent who works on my
behalf, out of Shemen Qodesh-Ani,
my set apart oil.
I have Mashach.
anointed him.
I have applied the oil,
dedicating him to my purpose.
This is the actionable,
the verbal root of the process of becoming
Mashiach, Messiah.
Mizmowr, AD, nine, twenty.
So to show the way to the benefits
of the relationship with that oil,
his hand and influence will prepare and
establish you
authenticating and sustaining you.
Even more than this, Ani Zaroa,
my strong arm, the sacrificial lamb,
the protective shepherd,
as well as the one who sows and
cultivates the seeds for the harvest.
Zaroa Ani will empower and embolden you,
strengthening and reinforcing you while
enabling your growth
And elevating your status.
Ms.
Moore lurks to sing.
Psalm.
Eighty-nine.
Twenty-one.
Well.
My friends.
Family.
As they say there's a lot to unpack
there.
God located.
Found.
Recognized.
Met with.
Encountered.
Learned about.
Revealed.
Exposed.
Led an exodus with.
Don't.
Dileth wa Dileth means beloved.
That's the way God wrote his name.
And he says that not only did he
do these things, locate, recognize,
encounter, experience, and receive,
as well as expose Dowd.
That Dowd was his coworker.
The second time he's made that statement.
Out of Shemen Qodesh Ane,
my set-apart oil, I have anointed him.
That means that Jesus is not the Messiah.
It means that Bar Kokhba is not the
Messiah.
It means there's no unknown warlord that's
going to come to the rescue of Israel
in the near future or at any time
as a Messiah.
There was one man and only one man
that was anointed Mashiach by God himself.
And it is doubt.
If you don't want to accept that,
if you want to have a religion based
upon a lie, that's your choice.
But I'm here to tell you there's only
one man that Yahowah said,
I have personally anointed with my set
apart oil.
He says, I have mashach, I anointed him.
I anointed Dowd.
So,
to show the way to the benefits of
the relationship,
his hand and influence
will prepare and establish you,
authenticating and sustaining you.
So why should you care that Dowd is
the Messiah?
Because it is through Dowd that we are
prepared and established.
It is through the influence of Dowd that
we are authenticated and sustained,
that we are equipped and validated,
corroborated and supported,
that we are ready and we can persist.
I don't know how it gets better than
that, but God says, yes, it does.
Even more than this.
Ani Zarowa, my Zarowa, my strong arm,
my sacrificial lamb,
my protective shepherd,
and the one who sows and cultivates the
seeds of the harvest.
Zarowa Ani will empower and embolden you,
will strengthen and reinforce you.
while enabling your growth,
by elevating your status.
Dowd is a gift to us.
In his role as the Passover lamb,
he empowers and strengthens us,
enables us, causing our growth.
He elevates our status.
The fact that Yahowah found Dowd,
of course, tells us many things.
He is actively looking for compatible
souls.
They are so few and far between that
when he finds one, it is noteworthy.
And in this one,
he has had a relationship for a very,
very long time.
He spoke of him on the fourth day
of creation.
And even then,
he said that his relationship with him had
existed in the past.
Now,
since there's no way that a man matures
at eight years of age or proves himself,
Yahowah located and recognized Dowd from a
previous life, previous lives.
And while he is mentioned in the Torah
pursuant to Moshe's meltdown in Bamidbar
Numbers, as Eldod, God's beloved.
I doubt this was their first encounter,
and I don't think it was at all.
The realization that Yahowah chose this
particular man over all others means one
of two things.
Either that God knew that he alone would
be responsive at this critical time,
at the midpoint of the journey from and
back to the garden,
and that was the baseline requirement,
or
don't manifest attributes that God found
appealing and useful, or both.
However,
since Yahowah told us at the time that
his criterion for choosing one person over
another is vastly different than our own,
you should never expect that God's choices
are gonna be popular among men.
As I said,
he chose my wife and I.
You may not like us,
that's your prerogative.
was not God's.
The same thing is true with Dowd.
So it's obvious that Dowd appealed to God
for many reasons,
including his character and courage,
his intellect, and his passion.
And that is not to say that Dowd
was always on his game.
But if you just look at the story
of Adam, it started off great,
but it did not continue that way.
And it ended very poorly.
And you...
Look at Dowd's life,
started off wonderful,
but it deteriorated quickly and it ended
very poorly prior to this intervention.
And then relationship was restored.
Well,
this is the second time that Yahowah has
overtly stated that Dowd was the one
through whom he chose to work.
And since he isn't speaking of minutia,
their work would include uniting, leading,
and defending Yisrael,
acquiring Jerusalem, composing Mizmowr,
establishing the example of father-son in
a relationship,
being an exemplar of the covenant,
and then enabling it by providing the
benefits through fulfilling Pesach,
Matzah, and Bikuwrym together.
Dowd would not be Yahowah's only coworker,
just the most important of them.
He didn't say that Dowd was his one
and only coworker,
just that Dowd was his coworker.
He worked with others,
but none as important as his association
with Dowd.
the title Mashiach has been bandied about
among christians jews and muslims for
centuries it however belongs to one man
doug he was the only one Yahowah personally
mashak anointed as messiah god did so with
his special blend of anointing oil and for
the express purpose of showing the way to
receive the benefits of the relationship
and in this regard
I must tell you that I love seeing
Asher in immediate proximity to Mashach,
anointing.
Even more revealing,
Yahowah's anointing oil is extended to his
covenant family through Dowd,
anointing us in the process.
And that is a treasure in and of
itself,
one courtesy of the Dead Sea Scrolls.
Yes, the Dead Sea Scrolls affirm
that Yahowah anointed Dowd for our benefit.
God's hand is extended to us through Dowd,
making him the most important man who ever
lived.
According to those authorized to speak for
Yahowah as prophets,
there have been three Zarowa.
The most worthy of them is Dowd.
He is not only the strong arm of
God, the protective shepherd,
and the one sowing the seeds for the
harvest,
he meets the
Torah's definition of Zarowa as well,
because he is the sacrificial lamb by
having fulfilled Passover.
This is now the third time this powerful
title has been used in this Mizmowr,
twice pertaining to Dowd.
I've come to see it as one of
his most distinguishing monikers,
far more important than actually Messiah,
and nearly in league with Son of God.
particularly firstborn son of God.
This conclusion is reinforced by Oph even
more than this following his anointing.
It is through Dov's role as the Zarowa
that the covetous children are empowered
and emboldened,
our growth is enabled and our status with
God is enhanced.
That is an exceptional tribute in and of
itself.
lives therefore that satan wants to
nullify most of all belong to dote
especially the one where he serves as the
passover lamb and then carries our guilt
into Sheowl i had thought for the longest
time this was his second but no that
was his fourth
And this is why he robs the Zarowa
of this distinction and replaces him with
Jesus Christ in Paul's letters,
a man who was demon-possessed.
And yet,
that wouldn't have been necessary had the
issues plaguing the king's current
relationship with Yahowah been resolved
through the Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr.
They had retained, had remained,
as we have shared, incommunicado.
God couldn't have brought him to heaven or
then reinserted him thereafter to fulfill
Passover and Matzah if they weren't even
talking.
This would not have,
this would not only have nullified our
salvation,
it would have precluded the development of
the covenant.
It would have squandered salvation.
human potential.
No one would be able to approach God.
So after this very powerful endorsement,
God goes on to say these very things
and we will report them to you in
our next program.
We're about an hour and fifteen minutes
into this.
That's a little longer than we would
normally go this time of evening.
I thank you for listening.
I understand that we are now on an
equal time basis that six o'clock
Here in the Caribbean Sea,
Atlantic time is now six o'clock.
Stateside Eastern Standard Time is now six
fifty four.
As I share these words with you,
not only here in the Caribbean,
but also on the east coast of the
United States.
Three fifty five for those of you in
the People's Republic of California.
So it's nice to be on the same
time footing,
at least with some in the continental
United States.
And I wish all of our covenant family
living in the States all the best because
it's really going to get nasty.
Trump is becoming more Rahab every day.
Haleah likes to expand on her schooling
from University of Michigan as a
psychiatrist.
And psychologist.
And I recognize that, yes,
she knows that he is a psychopath.
But now that's small potatoes compared to
the fact that he is reflecting Satan's
agenda.
That he is conveying Satan's persona.
That he is Rahab.
He is the living manifestation of Satan.
And that is devouring everything.
and destroying everything.
It's the most frightening individual who
has ever lived.
And no one,
by the time this is all done,
no one will have been as deadly,
as destructive, as deceitful,
as damning of the human condition than
Satan,
as Rahab will be within the copper con,
Donald Trump.
And to see the little Twistians all laying
hands on him and so worshipful of him.
As Magaites,
it's just enough to make you want to
say, told you so.
Twistianity is one screwed up religion.
Well, thank you for listening.
Looking forward to being with you tomorrow
morning as we continue this series.
Good day.
Hey there, thanks for tuning in.
That was Fetch.
Gotta run now.
Catch y'all on our next podcast.